One of Bollywood’s most renowned actors and quite possibly the undisputed king of action roles, Ajay Devgn has starred in over a hundred movies and there’s definitely a lot more to come. With the recently released Total Dhamaal and many other films announced to be released, his next film will be a romantic one. He will be teaming up with co-stars Tabu and Rakul Preet Singh for the romantic comedy De De Pyaar De.

This film comes from a script written by the trio Surabhi Bhatnagar, Tarun Jain, and Luv Ranjan. Editor Akiv Ali, who has worked on films like Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety, Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani, and Barfi!, will be making his directorial debut with this film. Apart from the cast and crew of this rom-com, there’s not much we knew about this film until Ajay Devgn treated the fans to the first look of the film with a poster. It featured Devgn caught in the middle of the two leading ladies while recreating his iconic split from the 1991 film Phool Aur Kaante which got fans super excited. Check it out!

De De Pyaar De stars Ajay Devgn as the 50-year-old Aashish who falls in love with a 26-year-old woman named Ayesha played by Rakul Preet Singh. who also happens to be almost half his age. We’ve seen this before in Bollywood, but with this rom-com, the film not only addresses it but uses it as a premise.

Recently, on the occasion of his 50th birthday, the award-winning actor shared the film’s full trailer on Twitter with the caption, “Half Century poori ho gayi! Meri taraf se chhota sa gift.”

In the film’s trailer, we see how Devgn’s character deals with all the complications that come with the situation. Aashish’s therapist played by Javed Jaffrey points out that their generation gap might bring up troubles in their relationship. When the couple meets Ashish’s ex-wife Manju and their children, things get even more complicated. Tabu plays the character of Manju who keeps reminiscing about all the memories they have made while Ayesha finds out that she is the same age as Aashish’s children. While Aashish is caught between the two women, what follows is a lot of awkward and hilarious situations. The film’s trailer also features Alok Nath and Jimmy Sheirgill as supporting cast members.

With an exciting cast and a unique premise, De De Pyaar De promises a fun laughter ride for fans. The film is produced by Bhushan Kumar, Krishan Kumar, Luv Ranjan, and Ankur Garg and is all set to release in cinemas on 17th of May this year.
